All right, y'all. We are live
on this beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
What day is it today? What day is it,
guys? Do you know what day it is?
I think it's a Thursday. Is it a
Thursday? It's a Thursday. God bless
everybody in the name of Jesus, Yeshua,
the Messiah. And I pray everyone is
super blessed as the Bitcoin price is
indeed.
Hang on, let me let me adjust this thing
here. How do how do I do this? Okay, the
Bitcoin price is dumping. I'm in a few
trades. I'm in a few positions here. I'm
in a long and a short. All right,
enough. Enough of this swing trading
nonsense. The pendulum has swung to the
other extreme
right now. That's how I feel. I feel
that the pendulum has swung to the other
extreme, guys. All right? Because last
night I woke up
$4,000 poorer than I went to sleep and I
said, "You know what, Jason? Enough.
Enough, bro. With your pipe dreams,
super chatting Trump to try and pump
Bitcoin to enough.
You know what? It's time to to go for
those lower time frame trades and get
that money, baby. You know what I'm
saying?
That's right. I got wrecked. Vision
Pulse fat boy. I got absolutely wrecked.
Not only was the trade
not only was the trade that could have
been over $100,000 in profit closed out
for $54,000.
All right. But the trade that I took
yesterday,
the trade that I took yesterday ended up
being shut out. Let's take a look. Let's
show the losses.
Let's show the losses.
The trade I took ended up getting
stopped out for a $4,400
loss. And I even tried to take another
little scalp. So altogether, $5,000 of
losses.
So, your boy Jay said, "You know what?
Enough is enough. Enough is enough. No
more trying to long support. From now
on, we're shorting support."
All right.
From now on, no, I'm not shorting
support, but I am
just trying to trade trade the dang
Bitcoin price. Honestly, guys, so this
morning, what we did was quite simple.
Enough of this swing trade crap. local
range, take the low, go long. We come up
to the VWOP to the top of the range,
take a short. I mean, literally, that's
that's what we done did today. All
right, that's what we done did today.
So, let's see what happens as the
Bitcoin price is in freef fall mode.
Scary as anything. Ivan on Tech is
scared. Carl from the moon is scared.
All right, all the OG 2017 channels are
scared. Um, Jason's scared. We're all
scared. All right, but you know what? In
the midst of the fear, what we can do is
we can trade the
the tiny range, right? And so that's
exactly what we did. And of course, this
morning in the Casper Crew VIP Discord,
I let the community know that I've been
taking these scalps when I scalp, when I
TP, when I short, when I TP. All right.
And now here we are. Yes, I lost $5,000
yesterday, but I'm up $6,000 this
morning, baby. So, I'm net in the green,
if you know what I mean.
I'm in the green, if you know what I
mean. I'm in the green, if you know what
I mean. I'm in the green, if you know
what I mean. I'm in the green. Hey yo,
hey yo. I'm in the green, if you know
what I mean. So, sit back, relax. Jay
Casper the trading machine. He's out
here. He's never in the red. He's only
in the green.
He's so nice. He's not mean. We're in
the bathroom. We're keeping it clean.
We're washing with the soap. It looks so
clean. Clean to find the trees outside.
You know you want to cross up the upper
line. Blast off through resistance.
Taking profit. Go the distance. Can you
spot it? We fire off on all pistons. My
man in the chat, he says he's not
scared. I'm trading here. I'm in my
underwear. I ain't got no shirt. I ain't
got no pants. I'm outside in the
beautiful nature looking at plants. We
got the fence. Now listen, hopefully you
don't take offense. I'm pissing in the
bottle that I got next to my desk. I'mma
tell you what the Bitcoin price will do
next. We got the freestyle straight off
the dome. Jake Casper trading in his
mom's garage at home cuz my mom let me
come back in after I got liquidated.
Baby, where do I begin? We're taking
losses. I got the sauces. Hopefully my
teeth get flossed and I got to brush off
all the plaque. So sit back, relax,
don't take the smack. Uh I'm hanging out
with my good friend Jack. He said, "Yo,
J Casper, I'm away, but I'll be back."
And then we'll take another high
leverage long straight from the top.
It'll dumple sing a sad song.
Liquidation, so much frustration. We're
outside on the farm cooking bacon.
Talking about the beef bacon cuz you
know we don't eat pig. Now sit back and
I'mma do a Irish jig. Jay Casper, do my
biceps look big? I train them every day.
I skip legs, you dig?
Yeah. So that's what we're doing right
now, baby.
Smash up the likes, everybody. We got to
we we got to give a big shout out to
everyone in the chat here. Epon Stern
Snow says, "Straight to 68k 61ita. If
you're scared, 61as will hug you." Shout
out to Chris Lowi.
Shout out to Sha Nunees.
Press the F likes. Let's go. Shout out
to Evie Diaz. Boy, we got Flow. Shout
out to Alen Breu who says LFG. Plunger.
Plunger. Plunger. We got the plunger.
Plunger. Plunger. Just like any other.
Ah. Tastes pretty good. All right. Big
shout out to Antarctic. Big shout out to
Yubit.
All right. Big shout out to KSEX,
Loafin,
Klein Funding, and and all all the
things that I'm supposed to show the the
sponsors of the channel. All right, the
sponsors of the channel,
the ones that pay me to talk about them.
All right, shout out to Real Cipher
Rider. He says, "Lots of liquidity
forming. I believe they can take that
before they move up." Yeah, we we'll
we'll take a deep dive into the chart.
All right, we'll take a deep dive into
the chart.
Um, Bill Buster says, "I've been nervous
as Hades since late last night, but
ready to make moves." Thank you for the
live stream, bro. Have you been nervous?
Cuz I'll be honest, I have not been
nervous.
I have not been nervous. I took a long
trade last night.
Took a long trade last night. All right,
bar in the Casper crew took a long trade
and you know what I did right after I
did that? I shut my phone off. I put it
on airplane mode. I put on airplane mode
and I went to sleep and my sleep was so
sweet. Praise the Lord. Praise the Lord.
But I woke up this morning and guess
what? Bam, baby. -4K.
All right. So, don't be nervous.
Let's see what happens here, guys. This
is a beautiful schlong trade right here.
Is this not a beautiful schlong trade?
Is this not beautiful? This is lighting
the fire back under my bosom, under my
my my wazoo. Maybe maybe I'm maybe your
boy Jay is going to start scalping
again. You know what I'm saying? Shout
out to RP Pink. God bless you, bro.
Shout out to Rupac. He says, "Feel like
we need to hold this level now and close
above 742 to still be bullish. Let's
hope for the bulls." Shout out to
custommade
custom made who says happy Thursday
Casper crew. Don't forget it's Casper
crew game day. She's pretending like
she's reminding you guys. She's really
reminding me. All right, cuz she knows
that Jason Casper doesn't remember any
of that crap. All right, just kidding.
Of course I remembered it was game day.
Tina, don't worry. I got you. All right,
I won't I won't I won't miss game day.
Don't worry. I've got everything under
control. T you can tell. Doesn't Doesn't
it look like my life is totally under
control? Doesn't it look like
I've got everything under control?
All right. Big shout out to my man
Affiliate Marketing 101 from the UK. And
shout out to Delme Tree Cutter who says,
"Obey Jesus." Amen, bro. Shout out to
Splash Films T in the house holding it
down with the double wrench. Shout out
to Juan Estrada. Happy hamburger day. Is
it hamburger day? Is that true? I'm
short all the way from top. That's
what's up. All right. I'm short from the
bottom here. I'm short from the bottom.
As you can see,
I am short from the bottom from 73 341.
And I'm also short from 97K on a
different account. And I'm also short on
a different account from
$78,000.
That trade is currently up right now
almost 40K. Wow, that's cool. Bam. All
right. Am I okay, Jay? Someone wants to
know, Jay, are you okay? Jay, are you
okay? I'm okay. $5,000 long. $500,000
long in a bare trend. Yeah. What could
go wrong? What could go wrong? Yowser
Donkasaurus. You know what I'm saying? I
mean, what could go wrong? Half a
million dollars in a bare market. What
could go wrong?
You know what happened? I was listening
to a Michael Sailor speech and I said,
"You know what? After listening to this
Michael Sailor speech, the most
responsible thing I could do as a grown
adult with four kids, a wife, is put
half a million dollars on Bitcoin right
now. That's that, you know, the the the
Michael Sailor speech
gave me that courage, the coahones,
you know, in order to put half a
million. Would you look at this? I mean,
wow. Yeah, I forgot half a million
dollars. Yeah, started out as more than
that. All right, the short trade it's a
little bit less than that because my
entry was not as good. The entry was not
as good on the short trade.
It was a a pretty a pretty big wick up
there. You know, we're talking about
about a 3% instead of on this long trade
about a
about a 2%. You know, 0.1% makes a big
difference.
Also, I I I am kind of hoping for a pump
because I am a Bitcoiner. I am hoping
for a pump. I got a short running from
77K and 125x. Well, that's what's up.
Shout out to MMM.
Life is but a dream. How many miles have
I walked on my live streams? Very many.
Very many miles on these live streams.
All right. Shout out to Cell Danker who
says, "Hello, JJ." Hello. Hello. 7day
printed a red dot. Yeah, we're going to
be po We're going to be popping into
popping into the chart. All right,
welcome, welcome. God bless everyone.
We're We're trying to scout Bitcoin. All
right, we took we took we took Wait,
what do we do? Nah, the these are older
trades. We took the long, we took the
short and the Casper Crew VIP Discord.
And now we're seeing which one is going
to win. And honestly, it seems like the
short is going to win right now. All
right, but we're going to be examining
the chart. We're going to be taking a
look. We're going to be using our
spectacles. We're going to be using our
eyes. All right,
we're going to be using the hardware
that we have. Divine Hood 717 is where
overall big bounce to 778. That's where
he's looking. Divine Hood's looking for
71.7
around 72.
All right, let's go. Let's go. Let's go.
Smash up the likes, guys. Can we get 500
li? If If everyone likes the stream in
five minutes, I'll give away 500 bucks.
All right, let's let's see if we can't
get 500 likes. If everyone likes the
stream in 5 minutes, we'll give away 500
bucks. All right, there we go. Timer.
Timer set, guys. We got the first phone.
We've got the second phone. We got two
phones. All right. If you don't have two
phones, are you even a Bitcoin trader?
Are you even a true DJ? If you don't
have two phones, how in the world will
you be able to do anything away from
your computer if you don't have two
phones, one for each eye, to monitor the
Bitcoin price?
Look at Cipher on the Weekly. Yeah,
let's check it out. Let's check it out.
Um,
yeah, we're going to pop over to Trading
View. You know, I first see if we're
about to get absolutely wrecked on the
half million
dollar trade here. Let's I mean this is
this not is this not the most
sensational thing you've ever seen in
your life? I I mean this this this is
insane. I can't even believe what I'm
seeing right now. I cannot even believe
I what I am seeing. All right,
we're coming down to the 786.
>> Let's see what the Bitcoin price does.
All right,
let's see what the Bitcoin price does
here.
Micro Strategy selling off as it lost
this mid VWAP support line. Oh my
goodness, guys. Maybe 40K Bitcoin is
maybe what we've been hoping for this
whole time will happen. Our $40,000
Bitcoin. Can you imagine that? How did I
get that short trade?
It was quite simple, my friend. I'll
actually I'll I'll tell you how I got
the short trade. All right. So,
what happened was this.
What happened was this.
Quite simply put, we got the CDW of the
long. This is actually a funny story. I
I almost don't want to share it because
if I do, it's going to make me look kind
of kind of careless and reckless, but
then again,
you know,
maybe I am a little careless and
reckless. So, in the Casper Crew VIP
Discord this morning, I said I'm taking
a long because we got the local CDW. All
right.
So, I'm taking a long from here, fast
TP, and then we TP went a VWOP. Then I
said, I've taken a short scalp from
here. Now, the reason I took a short
scalp,
man, am I really going to tell the
truth? Should I tell the truth, guys?
Let me know in the chat. Should I tell
the truth? Should I tell the truth,
guys? In the chat, please. Should I tell
the truth? Yes or no?
>> Should I tell the truth?
What is a CDW? It's a top secret trading
setup that only the Casper crew knows
about, baby. All right.
>> No, it's a swing failure pattern. That's
what it is. It's a swing failure
pattern.
Guys with two phones are always up to
something. All right. Yes, of course.
Okay, I'll tell the truth, guys. Here's
the truth.
When I came to the chart,
when I came to the chart, I
was looking at
from yesterday's live, I was looking at
hype. Okay, I was looking at hype. I
thought hype was Bitcoin. I thought hype
was Bitcoin and I saw a beautiful swing
failure pattern on hype and I thought
hype was Bitcoin. So, I shorted Bitcoin.
But it worked out pretty dang good,
didn't it? All right.
Yeah. Yeah. So,
I'm on the hype chart here. I I thought
this is the Bitcoin chart and I I Cuz
what happened is I took I took the long
trade from my phone. All right. I I was
in the gym this morning. I doing some
hammer strength, super incline pressing,
some good oldfashioned tea bar rows with
the barbell. All right. Doing some pec
flies and some power shrugs with the
trap bar. Then of course I did some
cable curls, some cable press downs. All
right, had a nice little upper body
pump. I get an alert. Bitcoin cdwing the
lows. So I take the dang trade, go
outside naked to get the sun all over,
right? And as I'm naked, I think, you
know what? I wonder if this could be a
big move here. I should probably do a
live stream is what I thought to myself.
So I open up my computer and the hype
chart is right here. Now, I had already
taken profit one on Bitcoin because we
came to the VWAP. So, last thing I knew,
Bitcoin was pumping like crazy. So, when
I open up this chart, I see hype here.
Took the high. I'm like, "Oh, that's
Bitcoin. Now, it's time to short it." I
thought we swing failure pattern the
highs into the VWOP. But it wasn't
Bitcoin. When I looked at the Bitcoin
chart, I realized, "Oh crap, we didn't
swing failure pattern at all." But we
still hit into the VWOP.
All right. We still hit into the VWAP
and got a bit of a rejection from there.
So for me, ah, still good enough. We're
in a bare trend. The trend is your
friend until the end of the trend.
So that's how I got into the short
trade. All right. So it's thanks to you
guys who've been looking at
looking at hype 24/7 over here. You guys
have just been just been asking for
hype. You're like, "Jay, look at hype.
Look at hype. Look at hype." I'm like,
"Hype? I get it. It's pumping. I get it.
I get it." Like, "No, Jay, look, you got
to really look at hype." All right.
Sheesh, man. We'll look at hype. All
right.
Well, look at hype. So, that's how I got
into the short trade.
But, um,
it was a good short trade. And of
course, in the Casper Crew VIP Discord,
I let everybody know when I'm taking the
long, when I'm taking the short. This is
crazy. Look, within 7 minutes, guys.
Within 7 minutes.
7 minutes. $6,000. Man, I miss scalping.
I miss scalping.
I I I feel a scalp I feel a I feel like
the scalp group is going to start going
crazy now. All right, cuz maybe I'm I'm
going to start scalping in the scalp
group, baby. All right,
it's the table curls that did it. Yeah.
All right,
>> that's the exact position you took as
well. Cryptoface is long Bitcoin 2. He's
going to TP at 75K.
All right, let's see what happens here,
guys.
All right, let's see what happens here.
75K.
Wow, CryptoFace looking for a bit of a
move up. Wow. Can you imagine if this
half million dollar long trade goes to
75K,
man, I'm getting greedy just thinking
about it.
Imagine what I could buy with all that
money. Oh my goodness. You know what I
think I would do? I think I would go
uh
you know what? I think I would probably
super chat Donald Trump and Drake as
much as I possibly could. Thousands and
thousands of dollars worth of super
chats. That's what I think I would do.
Yeah. People always say, "Jay, if you
were a multi-millionaire, what would you
buy?" And I say, "Super chats for Donald
Trump and Drake." For sure.
Yeah. Like I can't I can't think of
anything I'd rather want I would want
more in life. How about you guys? What
would you guys do with that money?
Probably a super chat Drake, right?
>> Um
take a vacation to Cuba.
Um
let's see. All right. Now we got to we
do got to get into the charts here. But
look at this. Bitcoin's getting a
bounce. Cryptoface is getting me
bullish. Look, the last time a whale
trader got me bullish,
it turned out not the best. All right,
not going to mention any names here, but
let's see if we pump, baby. Come on,
baby. Come on, baby.
>> Yeah. Mhm. It's over, bro. Hedging well
says it's over, bro. Well, as someone
who says hedging, well, it sounds like
who's Drake? I don't know.
I don't know.
I have no idea. All right, let's let's
pop open let's pop open our our trading
view here. We're going to keep our
trades on the chart.
All right, because we want to keep an
eye on these positions,
all right, that we've got open here. But
this is the Bitcoin chart.
Let's take a look at the things. The
scary, the hairy,
the underwear,
excuse me. All right, let's take a look
first at our weekly, guys.
And let's just recognize the fact that,
yeah, we have this red dot here on the
weekly. Historically speaking, red dots,
even in massive bull trends, sideways
and down for weeks. All right, sideways
and down for weeks, especially heading
into like the summertime.
All right. Like for example, in the
start of the bull market here, the red
dot confirmed on the weekly. Once it
confirms, we get another 15% move to the
downside here. It doesn't look like much
here, but it's a 15% move. Then we get
another red dot on the weekly in the
bull market. And we end up with a 21%
move to the downside. Red dot here on
the weekly.
This one just sideways.
Sideways here. Red dot confirms
eventually we end up coming down 10%.
All right. Then of course this one needs
no explanation. This one needs no
explanation. Needs no explanation. This
one here,
this is the anomaly where we pump right
after. Okay. But this was coming to the
top of the bull market.
And then of course needs no explanation,
right? So, we go to our daily time frame
and we were printing a hidden bullish
divergence that's now invalidated itself
with a big deep momentum wave here. And
I'd say that the this the most
concerning thing about all of this,
guys, is the fact that we are losing
value area
high.
All right, we are losing the daily order
block and our next target really is
going to be around 68K. That's going to
be our our target in my opinion.
um coming down to much lower levels and
it does seem most probable right now
that we that we go for all this
liquidity that we have here. Right. So
that's kind of how um it's looking. Um
that's how it's looking here. All right.
Uh 69K sideways double bottom says flat
smack 420. That would be interesting.
Why did I open a new long? Can I
explain? Yeah, but there's some things
we needed to look at before I explain. I
think I already explained it first
thing,
but we needed to look at micro strategy.
Somebody else said something
that we needed to look at
that I wanted to look at. Was it market
cipher A on the weekly?
Uh, yeah, bullish on parade. Market
cipher A on the weekly.
Let's check it out here.
Market cipher A
on the weekly. Now, I haven't used
Marcus Cipher A in a minute here, but we
do have a red diamond
on the weekly. Last red diamond. Whoa.
Oh my goodness. Last red diamond meant
the range would break down. And the red
diamond before that actually also meant
the range was going to break down. Now,
we do have some bullish red diamonds
here, but I think the context of this
red diamond is we're printing at the top
of a range.
and it seems pretty consistent here.
That that does mean a little bit lower.
Uh let's go to the daily.
All right, so the bull trend is about to
flip bearish here on Market Cipher A.
We've been in a bull trend since April
9th. It's about to flip bearish once
again.
All right, that's quite interesting.
Uh let's check out the 1 hour time. Uh
let's check out the 4our time frame
here.
So the 4 hour time frame looking like a
bottom is printing. Maybe we could get a
little bit of juice to the upside here
like CryptoFace is looking for.
>> Um let's go to the 1 hour.
O
now this could turn into something nice.
This 1 hour has the potential to turn
into a bullish divergence here.
All right, because money flow and
momentum is getting higher. If we go to
our 24minut. All right, people want to
know about how I why I took the long
trade. Really, the reason I took that
long trade, guys, is simply because we
made a local low. We made a local low.
We took the low. We reclaimed it. And
when we look at the oscillator, it uh is
getting higher, right? It's giving us
the coveted uneven butt cheek pattern.
You know, big on the left, nice and
juicy, skinny on the right to round out
the booty,
right?
So that is why I took the long trade and
told the Casper crew that I was taking
the long trade at 10:13 in the morning.
I took a scout from the local CDW plan
to TP fast and wait for lower. I am kind
of waiting for lower. What if if if we
do hit 75K I will I will honestly be
surprised.
Um then of course I took the short
scalp,
right? So yeah. Yeah. All right. Okay,
so we're getting a little bit of a
Peronian cheese here. Let's check out
Micro Strategy.
>> Oh my goodness.
Wow.
Look at that gap to the downside, man.
>> Oh my goodness.
>> Is this a massive head and shoulders?
Is this a massive head and shoulders?
All right. Well, look at that beautiful
back test of the highs here.
Look at that gap to the downside.
That is looking gnarly.
Let's take a look at the volume here.
Is this going to load or no?
I don't know if the volume's going to
load there.
Looks like there's no data.
All right. Well, this does not look the
best here for Micro Strategy.
We have a pretty significant bearish
divergence on the daily at that top of
the back test.
Man, we are clearly at a very important
support for micro strategy. If we lose
147,
hang on,
hang on. No, this is not the right
thing. No wonder. Here we go. Here we
go. Here we go. Let's take a look at the
volume. It's not the right ticker. Let's
take a look at this volume here.
Yeah, we're below the value area. All
right, so this is not good. We're back
inside the range. That means the highest
probability is we come back down to 137
and then we come back down to 116. Let's
not forget Micro Strategy may be put in
a situation where they have to sell
Bitcoin. If they do, that could be the
black swan event that ends the bare
market and begins the bowl. All right, I
call bull when Micro Strategy has to
sell his Bitcoin. Okay, we are in a long
trade right now.
We are in the long, baby.
MSDR stands for master in the golden
pocket. That's what's up. That's what's
up.
We're starting to form cat ears. All
right, let's go, baby.
Uh, yeah. Head and shoulder with a very
big head.
I think we do a little scalpy then
short.
All right, 73100 is a daily naked point
of control.
All right, let's come back to Trading
View and let's actually take a look at
the chart here. All right, let's
actually take a little look at the
actual chart.
What the heck?
Says I don't have good streaming quality
here. All right. Yeah, let's take a look
at the actual chart. Let's go to Bitcoin
here. Let's go to our daily time frame.
Okay, let's see if we have any naked
points of controls.
No, actually we don't we don't we don't
have any kind of naked points of
controls. The daily point of control is
72980.
Okay, 72980.
You know what? I do like this wick here
for a New York open. I I do feel like we
can we can get a little bit more upside
for the next few hours here. All right.
You all right?
Let's see what happens here. We need to
confirm a green dot on the 1 hour.
Whoa.
Oh my goodness.
What is that?
That's so weird. Like the whole sky is
dark.
Is that thunder?
Okay,
that's crazy, guys. All of a sudden,
like a crazy like wind dust came
through. Like the sky turned dark. Stuff
is blowing.
Wild.
It's just as volatile outside as this
Bitcoin price. Now the sun's back out.
Woof. That was wild.
That was wild and weird, baby. Makes me
want to grow a beard, baby. Wild and
weird. Makes me want to grow a beard.
Oh. Oh, okay.
It's coming a day late. Well, praise God
cuz I I forgot about it. Yeah. Oh,
today's Thursday.
Oh, okay.
All right.
Antarctic is not possible in the
Netherlands. That's the most dumb thing
I ever heard in my life.
That's the most dumb thing I ever heard
in my life. Come on. It's a Dex.
That means you don't have to KYC or do
anything. Just use a VPN if for some
reason the Netherlands
don't let you use it. Come on. Come on.
Come on.
All right.
Let's see.
Um, shout out to Flat Smack. Shout out
to Houston 963. All the black swan
events started in this range. Now it's
time for that swan to go eat at the
bottom of the lake but in the air and
neck extended beak digging deep into the
mud. Antarctic is now possible in the
Netherlands. Okay, we already talked
about that. Shout out to Joe Potter.
Did Antic fix the withdraw issues?
There's never been withdraw issues.
There was a wallet update which
suspended withdrawals for a little bit,
but the support team if you really
needed to withdraw your cash ASAP made
provisions for those people. So, yes,
there's never any issues and yes,
everything's working fine. All right.
Um
All right. What else are we going to
look at right now?
What else are we going to look at right
now? Well, we need to know if Bitcoin is
going to pump or dump here.
All right. Come on, Bitty.
Come on, itty bitty itty bitty. Itty
bitty bitty.
The real cipher rider says, "Oh, weird.
A cloud and wind that changes the
weather in a scary way." I don't know if
you're being sarcastic or not, but
but yeah, it did change. And it's like a
beautiful sunny like calm day and all of
a sudden like the sun goes dark and like
this crazy wind starts blowing, stuff is
blowing across the whole landscape here,
you know?
Is Micro Strategy the next FTX that
would bring us down to 30K?
It could. I mean, here's the way I look
at it, right? Here's the way I look at
it. So
if Micro Strategy has to sell Bitcoin
and if Micro Strategy goes for the lows,
the support resistance flip at $99. Man,
can you imagine that? We're building
liquidity here right now. We are
building liquidity under this. So many
people are going to freak out. And then
we have our our nice support resistance
level.
All right. So many people will freak out
if they have to sell to keep things
afloat. Oh my goodness.
Now, let's take a look at the Bitcoin
chart here. You know, historically
speaking,
historically speaking, now look, I'll be
honest. I I was getting very bullish a
little while ago because I I told myself
and I still tell myself if this green
monthly dot prints, then I don't think
the bearish scenario will get to play
out. My my plan for this Bitcoin bare
market this cycle, my plan has been buy
under 70, buy under 50, buy under 40. my
three big buys and then that's my
position for the bull market. That has
been my plan. And the reason that has
been my plan is because since the
inception of Bitcoin, all right, we have
always seen the price
come down to
that zone between the 786 and 886 fib
for the bare market bottom, right? Like
clockwork
every time
we see it come down to there. All right,
so From
bare market bottom to bull market top,
we bottom out in that pocket. All right.
From bare market bottom to bull market
top, we bottom out in that pocket. All
right. From bare market bottom to bull
market top, we bottom out in that
pocket. All right. So now I've been
saying from bare market bottom to bull
market top. We're going to dip below 40k
into that pocket. Now I've also said
maybe this time is different cuz it
could always be different. We had a
lackluster bull market. Maybe we have a
lackluster bare market.
But if we really reject from here and
this is a bull trap and we're coming
back down and we're
losing 60K, then I'd say let's go ahead
and put on our Fibonacci golden pocket,
too. The next targets really, guys, are
going to be 57K at the 618 and then 40K
at the 786. Because if you're in an
uptrend
and you're getting a retracement, the
most common place to get the retracement
from is here, right?
And if this time is different and let's
say we don't get a 70% correction now,
if we're going to come back down into
the 70s or 60s, it just makes the most
sense that we go and take the liquidity
and bounce from that macro 618, right?
That makes the most sense cuz this
bottom does not look complete in
general. It doesn't look complete. This
does not look like a nice bottom.
It would be much much much healthier for
the market if we come down at least to
back test the low 60s like at least to
hold this area as support and more
better and easier more betterer more
betterer and more easy to get trade
would be to dip into the golden pocket.
Right?
This next big dip is going to be an
amazing opportunity if we get the dip
because the four-year cycle
between June and November, it's over.
And guess what? 30 days, half September,
April, June, and November.
All the rest have 31. So that means we
got three more days of May until June.
Hang on, I got to blow my nose here. Oh,
wait. Why would I use this towel when I
have this
you know,
so that's kind of how I feel. All right.
Shout shout out to Sergeant Squid in the
house. And shout out to these Bitcoin
trades. Shout out to the Bitcoin long
trade, guys. Shout out to the Bitcoin
long trade given in the cash crew VIP
Discord.
Let's see if we get cryptoface at 75K.
I'm scalping. No need to worry about all
that. Yeah, seriously. Same with me
here. But really, I'm also
I am scalping, but I am also definitely
looking at
um my my spot portfolio because, you
know, you can make so much money with
your Bitcoin spot. It's it's it's crazy.
if if you got some capital. If not, then
scalping is the way to go. Is Bitcoin
going to 80 again? Well, trader prau, I
don't know. I feel like you should know
that you're a trader. I'm just an idiot
on a treadmill. Um, anything's possible,
my friend. You know, it depends. All
right, it depends. Is Bitcoin going to
pump or dump? It depends. We can't know
that for certain. All right, the only
thing we can do is have a plan and take
the trades. All right, so
shout out to Dark Pixel One. Hey Jay,
greetings from Myonos.
Shout out to everyone from Mikonos.
Yeah, if we dump, it's time to load up,
guys. Like seriously,
I have zero fear with Micro Strategy,
says the Real King Solomon. Do you mean
you have zero fear that things are going
to that they're going to sell or you
have zero fear if they sell? Shout out
to Joe Potter. God bless you, Joe
Potter. Glad to see you here, my man.
>> Yeah, there has to be some chaos in
crypto, otherwise it wouldn't be called
crypto. Ain't that the truth? All right,
let's take a look at hype here. The
having is in 22 months. Lots of time to
dump way lower. Big shout out to my man
Dave Digital in the house.
Big shout out to Dave Digital. Dave
Digital, bro. I saw you eating pepperoni
pizza on Twitter, man. I almost lost it.
Thought this can't be the real Dave
Digital eating pepperoni pizza. Dave
Digital only eats meat and avocados,
jalapenos,
and like healthy carbs.
I'm just playing, bro. I hope you
enjoyed your pepperoni pizza.
Uh,
he's more that they won't sell. Okay,
confident micro strategy won't sell. All
right, cool. All right, cool. Let's take
a look at hype.
Let's take a look at hype here.
Wait a second. This isn't hype. Here we
go. Let's take a look at hype.
No, I don't want the coupon. Ah, we'll
use the coupon chart. That's fine. All
right, let's clear off all this high
time frame analysis here.
And well, actually, let's keep the high
time frame analysis right now because
all right, this is the weekly time
frame. And so there there is a there is
a chance here that some of this stuff
does play out. Okay, if we close the
weekly candle below 59,412,
then I'd say we could actually see the
move down to $46.
And if we're going to trade this as a
sideways range, all right, then
yeah, the the $30 target is possible. It
is possible. The reason why I say it is
possible, guys, again, I'm not saying
we're going to go there. Uh I have not
been trading hype. All right, I've just
been analyzing and looking at it. But in
general, if we don't bounce from this
support resistance flip here, which is
very obviously important because that's
where all the volume is, uh then it's
going to be very easy to take all this
liquidity here and come down and fill
this fair value gap thing. Come down to
the weekly order block that we have
right at the Fibonacci gold. It will be
quite easy to do that.
And not only that, but that's such a a
key support. It was resistance in 2024,
2025. It was support in the spring of
2025, support again, support,
resistance, support. So, yeah, that's
like the major major major high time
frame zone. All right, but let's now
zoom into the low time frames and see
what we can see.
All right, let's see what we can see.
Now, look at this. First of all, I do
want to mark out our previous all-time
high. That's going to be important.
All right. So, that's the previous
all-time high. This is the current
sideways range that we find ourselves
trading in. Now, we'll go ahead and pull
the volume here. This is KCoin.
Let's Let's actually Let's see if we can
get it on on a different exchange here.
This is spot on by bit.
Okay. It's pretty much about the same.
So we'll go back to Kcoin.
Um, okay. So we are at the value area
low of the range. We are at a pretty key
support right now for hype. We are
bouncing from the 786 Fibonacci
confluence with the value area low
confluence with the support resistance
flip that we have from this little
consolidation here. So, this is either
going to hold and we get a big pump to
the upside and squeeze all this
and probably make another high just to
take all the liquidity and then drop.
That would be awesome. That would be
amazing and really awesome. The reason I
say it would be amazing and awesome is
because if we go to the daily time
frame, we would have a bearish
divergence. If we go to the 4hour time
frame, we would have the juiciest
bearish divergence by the time this wave
comes up here. The money flow coming
down. I mean, that would just be
amazing. it would trap everybody at the
top, right? Um, now as we get very local
here, like down to our 15minute time
frame, let's clear everything off once
again here.
You can see that we are actually back
testing this. All right, so we are in
fact right now back testing this support
resistance flip. Not only that, but
locally we got a swing failure pattern
from the liquidity that we built up
here. So, we built liquidity higher lows
and we got a swing failure pattern and
we are pushing back down. Now, so far
we're making a higher low but I think
it's pretty important to see what
happens within this consolidation
because again this is at support. So, if
we continue to make this nice rounded
bottom here and we do have bullish
divergences, um once we break out of
this, that that's a really good sign
actually that we're going to get the
move to the upside with the confirmed 4
hour. So, right now, uh next long
opportunity on honestly on this is is a
breakout and back test of our level
right here at 58.6
and then we could make a lower high, but
I would like to shoot for a higher high
because that would wreck so many people.
and then drop it. Um, now if we cannot
reclaim this area right here, then yeah,
we're looking to take the low at 54. And
if we're taking the low of 54, well, we
might as well come down to the $46,000
support resistance flip. If you know
what I mean, jelly bean, do you know
what I mean, jelly bean?
Uh
yeah, KCoin was good back in the day,
honestly.
Um it really was.
How do you open a schlong on blowfin?
You have to be in hedge mode. Um
you can't seem to put on any weight.
Really? Is that true, Dave? Digital.
Um
I didn't know that.
I thought you just like to be lean and
mean, bro.
Thought you just liked to be lean and
mean.
I wish I had that problem, Dave Digital.
I can put on weight so dang easy. All
right, let's see what happens. Our our
Bitcoin long is slowly having the life
sucked out of it.
So, let's see here.
Let's see here.
Bitcoin long slowly having the life
sucked out. Let's check out
this
alts are trash. They won't always be
trash.
They won't always be trash. Don't worry.
They will have their day. Alts will have
their day.
Dave Digital. I'm pretty sure a real man
does weigh 165 pounds. That's I'm pretty
sure 165 pounds is what a real man
should weigh like before things got
really weird. You know what I'm saying?
Like I'm pretty sure like back in the
day before every American was like
morbidly obese.
Like 165 was like pretty normal. That
was like pretty normal man weight.
Then I think everyone started to get
obese and the weight got higher and
higher and then
you know
when was the last time I had fast food
and what was it? Okay, the last time I
had fast food was in 2018.
It was Taco Bell. It was a taco
that had a chi a fried chicken taco
shell. All right. It was fried chicken.
That's what they said. It was fried
chicken taco show. And before that it
was Burger King and I had a Whopper and
both in 2018 within within like the same
week. And I did this on a road trip with
my wife
and I I just wanted to see. And the time
before that,
the time before the 2018 time, the time
before that that I had Taco Bell was
2013, February 22nd. What's up, bro?
Yeah, I remember it. I remember it. I I
I um
I used to love Taco Bell so much that I
literally once I I ran a mile to eat
Taco Bell cuz everyone else want was at
McDonald's.
Man, this Bitcoin trade is
not doing well. All right.
I cannot believe I'm about to about to
lose at everything.
We're jumping.
>> Don't worry. AX will TGE.
All right.
Wait for the new demic. Alts will run.
The new demic. Is that like a new
pandemic that's coming out? Is that what
you're talking about? I don't really
know what you're talking about,
man. This is this is really messing with
me.
S&P 500 made a new alltime high or the
spy.
Uh,
all right. Dow Brown is jacked and
smokes cigarettes.
I mean, it doesn't nicotine uh stimulate
your uh metabolism, right?
>> All right, there's my stop loss on this
Bitcoin trade. Let's see what happens
here. $500,000 Bitcoin long about to get
wrecked.
$500,000
about to get wrecked. Let's see here. If
if this trade gets stopped out, I will
close my trade with
Wait, hang on. That's not what I wanted.
I wanted this.
I will close out the trade with about a
$3,000 profit. I'll take that. I'll take
three grand.
I'll take three grand.
Yeah, maybe fit in crypto. Maybe maybe
the next pandemic. I don't know if we're
going to have another pandemic in the
same way, but maybe we will. If there is
another pandemic, it'll probably be a
real one.
I I have a feeling. I mean, god forbid
this happens, but I just feel like the
first one, they said there was a
pandemic, nobody died, people got the
flu like normal.
Um,
and so people said that is a whole load
of crap, right?
And so the second one is probably going
to be like the videos that we saw coming
out of China from like remember the
January February videos that were coming
out of China when CO wasn't called CO it
was called the Corona virus
and like people were like literally
dropping dead in the streets of like the
cities like bodies laying on the
sidewalk people like foaming at the
mouth and like having convulsions in the
street and stuff.
That's what that's originally what I
thought was coming here when I saw those
videos. I told my wife, we we got to get
ready. We got to make sure our homestead
is ready for us to not leave this place
for like 2 years. And that's exactly
what we did, by the way. But uh then it
happened and
you know,
nothing this time. Maybe it'll be
something,
you know,
close that long. Nah, I won't close that
long. Why would I close the long? People
are so strange. Do Do you understand how
I trade? Why would I close the long?
What in the world would make me want to
close the long? Either we pump and I
make tons of money or we dump and I make
$3,000 and I'm short. All right. So, if
the if if the long gets stopped out, I
make three grand plus my short is still
open, which will be up three grand in
unrealized, two in realized. Why would I
close it? That's dumb. That's idiotic.
That's like saying, "Look, there's a
chance right now, Jason Casper, no
matter what the price does, you're going
to make money no matter what. Right now,
I'm in a situation where I will make
money no matter what. If I close it now,
there's I'm conditional. If I close it
now, it's conditional.
If I close it, I can only make money if
it goes one direction."
Why would I close the like? No. No.
No.
You guys get what I'm saying?
What, bud?
You're going to go in with mom?
Taking off your helmet.
All right. Have fun.
Bye.
Um,
did I lose my 75K in unrealized or did I
close that one? That wasn't realized and
that one ended up closing out for a
$54,000
profit. It could have been a lot more,
but I ended up closing out a $54,000
profit.
I'm channeling my inner boy rant energy.
Shout out to Boyan.
Where's the stop loss again on the long?
It's right there on the screen, my
friend. The purple line that says all
right here, that's the SL. All right. I
know you're just the market maker in the
chat trying to stop hunt me. That's what
you're doing.
That's what you're doing.
Can we look at the 100week moving
average? Sure, we could look the 100week
moving average.
Let's check it out.
This is the 100week moving average here.
So that seems to be the
the defining line of the bow and bear
market. And you know it is quite
interesting.
We haven't
I think
if we're going to go based on the cycle,
the four-year cycle. All right. Um
we are here right now. Like we are here.
If we're going based on our four-ear
cycle comparing it to last time, we are
there.
We front run it and then we get another
drop to the 786.
That is kind of what if we're going to
compare this cycle to last cycle, you
know.
Shout out to my cryptog goods. He says,
"Bro, dropping in to say hi. I've been a
while. Trading ES and NQ more
predictable and smooth. Waiting for
Bitcoin to hit 50K to buy
like two bitcoins and hold them until my
son's graduation. That's cool, man. I
I'm really hoping we do do that. God
bless you, my cryptog. Good to see you,
man. I hope you're doing good. Hope the
family is well, bro.
Sander says, "I bet nobody has kids that
see their dad streaming YouTube while on
a treadmill. Kids will probably need
therapy later." I I honestly do often
times think about
how my kids will describe their
childhood to their spouses
when they're older.
explaining the extremely unconventional
life that we live in in in the in the
Casper crew household, the Casper clan
household, should I say. Extremely
unconventional. I I I my children don't
really understand
that most most dads have a job, right?
That they have to you have to like go to
work.
I I try and tell them this. I hope I
hope that they I'm sure they will when
they when they get older, they will
realize
uh how blessed they were to have the
situation that we have here. Praise God.
Thank you, Jesus, is is all I could say.
I' I've been ultra thankful. I've been
ultra thankful to God lately.
I've been extremely thankful that that
he saved me. I mean, it's it's crazy to
think about God's mercy and his grace,
his favor. Looking back at my life,
seeing all the crazy times I could have
died and gone straight to hell, man.
He protected my life so many times.
There were so many times I almost died
doing stupid stuff before I was walking
with the Lord.
And he's just blessed me so much. I'm
just I'm just overwhelmed with
thankfulness.
It is thankful Thursday.
Make sure you guys stay thankful.
fit in crypto. Your wife and kids got
COVID in December before anyone heard of
it, and they're they never were that
ill, and they're currently just as sick
and worse.
Are you serious, bro?
Do I walk all day?
Um, a lot of times I do. A lot of times
I walk all day. Let's see. How's the
Bitcoin trade doing? Look at this guys.
This is playing with my heart here. This
is playing with my heart.
He didn't save me from his own wrath. He
saved me from myself. That's the thing.
God saves us from our self. All right.
Hell
is exactly what most people want,
right? People people choose evil over
righteousness because of our sinful
nature. And so God just gives us what we
want, which is a place absent of good.
Can you imagine a place where there's no
good,
nothing good. God's so merciful to
everybody who's alive right now. If
you're alive right now and you can go
outside and breathe the fresh air and
feel the sun on your face and drink a
nice cold glass of water, enjoy a meal,
hug your wife, hug your kids, that is
good and that comes right from God. Take
all that stuff away.
It's not God's wrath.
It's just the absence of anything sinful
or no, it's it's it's the absence of
anything good.
The absence of anything good.
That's
That's what that is.
>> Most people most people would willingly
choose that, right? That's why
that's why the only thing that matters
in this life is a relationship with
Jesus. He's the only thing that can fix
the predicament. He's the only thing
that can change a person from the inside
out to be a fundamentally new creation
that's actually capable of walking in
God's ways.
It's crazy.
It is crazy.
gea or shiel? What's the difference?
Well, that's a very uh that's a question
that takes a long time to answer, but
essentially gehenna is a Greek term
that
is used loosely just to talk about
punishment in general or
yeah, like punishment in general. Like
Jesus uses that word when he says it's
better to enter into life with one eye
than to be cast into the fire of
gehenna.
Shol
is the underworld
where people go and they die.
Uh, righteous people and unrighteous
people go to Shol. But in Shil, there's
different places. There's the bad part
and the good part. And Shiel and Hades
are are the same thing pretty much from
a biblical context. If you see the word
Hades in the Greek,
they mean sh like from a Hebrew
perspective.
Um, yeah, there's a lot of different
words that are translated hell in the
Bible, right? You've got shol, you've
got Hades, you've got gehenna, you've
got the lake of fire, you've got
tarderus. It's like five words that can
be translated hell, which makes it very
confusing.
Shout out to Crypto Coons.
>> Shout out to Cryptocons.
>> God bless you, bro.
Krypto Kin says Ghana is not how No, I'm
not talking about Ghana. I'm talking
about gehenna. Gehenna. Gehenna. It's a
It's a uh
geome geome. It's It's a It's a Hebrew
It's a Hebrew word
that is basically the valley of
Benhinum, the valley of the son of
Henome, which was a place outside
Jerusalem where they would burn a whole
bunch of garbage. Back in the day, they
used to sacrifice their children to
idols in that valley. All right.
So yeah, it is a real place on the
earth. But
>> the way it's used, at least the way
Jesus uses it is not uh he's not talking
about that specific place. You know what
I'm saying? He's using it as an analogy.
Yeah, there you go. The valley of
Hinnham.
What's my take on Bitcoin dominance?
There's no eternal burning for humans.
Look, I'll be honest. I have no idea
what happens
in the afterlife,
but I would say this. I'm on the fence
about whether or not there's eternal
burning or not. In fact, I lean more
towards there's no eternal burning.
That's how I lean. Whatever the case,
I don't want to go there. And I'm just
so thankful that God saved me. I I'm
overwhelmed with thankfulness. I I it I'
I've just been so overwhelmed with
thankfulness this whole week. I can't
explain it, guys. Uh it's been it's been
a very interesting week for me. All
right, let's check out BTC.D.
All right, so Bitcoin Dom
is dumping.
That's so interesting. Oh, wait. We're
looking at Bitcoin dominance. I thought
we were looking at USDT dominance. Were
we looking at Bitcoin dominance or USDT?
The asset house. He says, "What's my
take on Bitcoin dominance?" Okay,
Bitcoin. Yeah. Uh, well, it looks like
we need to come down a little bit lower
here. I mean, we got a trigger wave on
the weekly. This looks even more bearish
than Bitcoin itself.
This is the 100week moving average,
you know, maybe come down to 59%
at least.
Uh, and at the very worst,
when was this? September 2025, we were
down this low.
That was when uh all the Trump stuff was
happening, right?
Yeah.
When was the the election? That was
2024. Wow, man. I I can't believe what
Wow, time goes by so quick. What was
happening in December 2025?
September 2025.
Oh, that was like the alltime high.
Look, I don't even remember this crap,
man. This is crazy. There's so many
years in Bitcoin.
All right, so this was Bitcoin's alltime
high.
Wow, look at that wick on Bitcoin Dawn.
That's crazy.
Bitcoin dom was higher in June. That's
wild.
You know, I don't usually analyze
Bitcoin dominance unless I'm looking at
it in context with with altcoin
dominance and USDT dominance,
but it does look like we could could
come down a little bit lower. Can we
look at volume on dominance? Yeah, maybe
we come down a little bit lower.
Um, look, the fact that Bitcoin is
losing
this value area high here is quite
bearish. It really is quite bearish,
you know.
The older you get, the faster time goes.
It does seem that way.
Do I believe in the prison planet and
the demi urge? No, I don't.
I don't.
I'm not a gnostic.
All right, let's see here, guys. I'm
going to take off this weighted vest.
Bear with me one second. Bear with me
one second here. I got to take off the
weighted vest
this time.
All right. So,
it is time
not only to take off the vest, but to go
pee in the bushes and then we'll be back
on the treadmill momentarily. Let's see
how our long trade is doing. Here we are
up. Man, this this is playing with my
heart. This is this is the weirdest
thing, guys. Is this not the weirdest
thing?
It's a nice day out today.
All right, I'm peeing in the bushes,
y'all.
Man, it feels good.
My favorite place to pee is these
bushes.
When I pee in the bushes, do I use the
girls or the boys bush? Um, well, as a
trans, non-carbon binary, a gender
mission, and intersectionality Pakistani
studies major, I use kind of whatever I
feel, you know.
Yeah. When I pee in the winter, it
steams. Yes, it does. What What are
Gnostics? I mean, gnosticism in general
is kind of like a it's a spiritual
belief. Uh Gnostic nosis, nosis is Greek
for knowledge. So basically the way you
can save yourself from being imprisoned
into a
you know some people call it a prison
planet or the creation which is evil is
through knowledge through through
obtaining knowledge right that salvation
through knowledge right the material
world is evil is corrupt and inside of
every human contains a divine spark and
the only way you can ascend and achieve
that divine spark is through hidden
knowledge, right?
So that's basically and there's a whole
bunch of different versions of it, too.
All right. So, but that's generally what
it is. Okay.
So,
it basically it it's it's it's it puts
the
the responsibility on the person to save
themsself through knowledge.
So, it's like pretty much the the
antithesis of the gospel of Jesus. It's
like the antithesis of it, right?
There's some truth to it. Like, humanity
is divine. God created humanity in God's
image. Not only did God create humanity
in his own image,
but God created humanity to rule and
reign over the creation. When God
created man, their purpose was to rule
over the creation, to reign with God, to
rule creation with God. We were part of
his family to rule over the the the
entire creation. You know, when God
blessed them, he said, "Be fruitful,
multiply, fill the earth, subdue it, and
rule over everything I've created." And
when we look at the end of the book,
the end of the Bible, it says that God
and his people will reign forever and
ever.
Right? So,
Revelation 22,
speaking of God and his people, it says
that uh they will reign forever and ever
with God, right? God's people will rule
over everything with him.
And um
even in uh you know the the whole
concept of like the divine spark within
humans
is biblical.
Right? Second Peter, Peter says that um
through Jesus, through Jesus, not
through special knowledge, but through
Jesus,
we get to be partakers in the divine
nature.
Right?
It says, "Because of his glory and
excellence, he has given us the great
and precious promises. The promises that
enable you to share in God's divine
nature and escape the world's corruption
caused by human desires.
So there's some truth to nasticism, the
divine spark within humanity. Yes, God
created that. But the only way to truly
attain that is not through hidden
knowledge. It's through Jesus, right? So
they take the Jesus out of the salvation
and then you're left on your own to
figure out that hidden knowledge. So
is this a religious channel? Uh, it can
be it can be like we we wax we we wax
biblical on the Jason Casper YouTube
channel quite often.
What's you know what you know what's
really interesting here for me now is
the Bitcoin on the daily
is actually losing the is this the 20 is
this what what moving the 100 day moving
average here?
The 100 day moving average.
Wow, this is pretty crazy, guys. This is
actually pretty wild because ever since
we lost the two the 100 day moving
average, we've been in the bare market
and now we're back testing it. This is
actually very crucial right here. This
is actually really crucial. If we lose
this moving average, man, that's
crucial. But, but here's something else
I would say.
Um, if we do lose it and then reclaim
it, that's going to be like a bullish
back test. You know what I say?
So,
if we do reclaim it,
that would be like a bullish breakout
and back test. But if if but that could
take a while. We might come down to
here, get our nice low 60s back test,
and then do something like this.
Let's see. Like, I'm looking at Let's
look at the last bear.
Yeah, we we never we never reclaimed
this back here. We did, but we are not
here as far as the cycle goes. I think
we're more like right here. We're around
this area as far as the cycle goes. But
interesting interesting with the 100 day
moving average.
Cipher Rider was
>> Yeah, it does look like a good
indicator. I was also checking onto the
three-month trends, which also matches
kind of with the 100 day. Interesting.
Just 10 days more. I guess you're right.
All right, let's pop on over to our
Bitcoin trade here. See if we are going
to get any kind of movement to the
upside.
MGT Lewis says, "It's sad the number of
religious people." Is it sad? What's
sad? What is sad about it? I
I don't consider myself to be very
religious to be honest with you.
But what's sad about it? I'm I am
curious.
Do you do you deny the
uh the the reality of a spiritual realm
or do you do you think humans are not
spiritual beings?
What's I don't understand why it would
be a sad thing. Like I understand maybe
having a different opinion, but why
would it be sad? I don't get it.
Is it honorable to seek the truth,
CryptoKink?
Well,
I mean, every secret society
seeks these truths. They're all gnostics
pretty much. Freemasons,
>> bro. Lacruians,
cobalists,
they're all gnostics.
Um, I think it takes a lot of time, a
lot of effort, a lot of discipline to
seek those truths. But the thing is,
it's a wild goose chase at the end of
the day. It's not going to give you what
you think it's going to give you. That's
what that's what makes it such a such a
such a deception,
right? You put in all this work, all
this effort, and it doesn't get you what
you thought it was going to get you,
right? what you're trying to get is only
available to humanity through Jesus.
That's
that's why they call it the good news.
Is this long a freshy? Yes, this long is
a freshy. The long and the short here
are both freshies, guys. This morning in
the Casper crew VIP Discord,
both trades were given in the moment.
All right. So, this morning,
if you're in the Casper crew at
jasonaspertrading.com,
we gave both of these trades here, and
now we're going to see which one wins.
All right, we're going to see which one
wins.
>> But we are in Chop City. It's so funny,
man. New York opens the old take the
highs, take the lows, and come back to
the middle.
The good old take the highs, take the
lows, and come back to the middle.
This is what I need.
Guys, just a quick reminder, today is
Casper Crew game day, which means in the
Casper Crew VIP Discord.
Um, we are going to be giving away
thousands of dollars, playing some
really fun games. All right, so that's
going to be in about 2 hours and 10
minutes. Make sure to come by, check it
out, stop it out, check it out. Don't
stop out my trade.
Um, also guys, there's still time to get
in on the giveaways for Bitfunded and
Client Funding. They're giving away
$500,000 in total. It's It's pretty
crazy. This This is actually the biggest
giveaway ever that I've ever done. Ever.
Client Funding is giving away $50,000
funded accounts. Five of them. You can
get 50 grand to trade with. All you have
to do is have an account number of one
of my for using my affiliate link and
you are eligible and then Bit uh
Bitfunded I almost said Bitconnect
man. Bitfunded
is giving away $55,000 accounts. All
right. Also guys, make sure to check out
Antarctic, Ubit, and KSEX if you want
low fees
and jcatsrading.com if you want to get
in on on the the juice, you know, when
we're giving the trades and stuff like
that. The trades where I tell people
what I'm doing, you know, we've been
short since May 10th. We're up right
now, you know, 35K
from these shorts. All right, check it
out if you're interested. blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah blah blah Senor won
500 bucks last last month. Yeah, that's
true.
All right.
Yeah, Bitconnect. That That was a crazy
time. Big shouts to Carlos.
Carlos from Bitconnect.
But all right, guys. I'm going to head
on out. I I love you guys. I do. I love
and and you and you gals. You guys and
gals. All right. Y'all are the best. May
God bless you.
I'll see you guys next time. Peace.